created: 20211016000054038
modified: 20211016014217788
tags: 
title: Architect Meeting Notes 2021-10-15
type: text/vnd.tiddlywiki

Admin

* Meetings moved to Friday for October
* Meeting with Abbie's company scheduled for next Thursday

Community

* Daily "root spotlight" posts on our `#general-discussion` channel
* Some activity in the `#asgardian-creative` channel, which is nice, but I'd like to encourage more submissions
* Lots of activity in `#general-discussion`! Interesting new members. More interest in auxlangs than expected.
* Once the webcomic is done, we will make our post on Reddit!

Language

* Where are we on the users' submissions?
** JD proposal: Incorporate all the reasonable ones (with phonetic modification as needed)
* CW to generate new roots and pass them off to JD for wiki inclusion
* ZB set up Github repository
* Revisit Swadesh list and semantic domains